---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "sifflet_assets Data Source - terraform-provider-sifflet"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Return assets matching search criteria.
---

# sifflet_assets (Data Source)

Return assets matching search criteria.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "sifflet_assets" "test" {
  filter = {
    text_search     = "asset_name"
    type_categories = ["TABLE_AND_VIEW"]
    tags = [{
      name = "tag_name"
    }]
    max_results = 10
  }
}

output "assets" {
  value = data.sifflet_assets.test.results
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `filter` (Attributes) Search criteria (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--filter))

### Optional

- `max_results` (Number) Maximum number of results to return. Default is 1000.

### Read-Only

- `results` (Attributes List) List of assets returned by the search (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--results))

<a id="nestedatt--filter"></a>
### Nested Schema for `filter`

Optional:

- `tags` (Attributes List) List of tags to filter assets by. Tags can be identified by either ID or name. If a name is provided, optionally a kind can be provided to disambiguate tags of different types sharing the same name. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--filter--tags))
- `text_search` (String) Return assets whose name match this attribute
- `type_categories` (List of String) List of asset type categories to filter on. Valid values are TABLE_AND_VIEW, PIPELINE, DASHBOARD, ML_MODEL. For filtering declared assets with custom types, you can use the format declared-asset_{custom sub type}. For example: declared-asset_Storage

<a id="nestedatt--filter--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `filter.tags`

Optional:

- `id` (String) Tag ID
- `kind` (String) Tag kind (such as 'Tag' or 'Classification')
- `name` (String) Tag name



<a id="nestedatt--results"></a>
### Nested Schema for `results`

Read-Only:

- `description` (String) Asset description
- `id` (String) Asset ID
- `name` (String) Asset name
- `tags` (Attributes List) List of tags associated with this source (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--results--tags))
- `type` (String) Asset type. This is the specific type of the asset, not the broader type category used in the filter. For example, an asset in type category TABLE_AND_VIEW can have the type TABLE.
- `uri` (String) URI string identifying the asset. More about URIs here: https://docs.siffletdata.com/docs/uris
- `urn` (String) Internal Sifflet identifier for the asset

<a id="nestedatt--results--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `results.tags`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) Tag ID
- `kind` (String) Tag kind (such as 'Tag' or 'Classification')
- `name` (String) Tag name
