---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "sifflet_datasources Data Source - terraform-provider-sifflet"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# sifflet_datasources (Data Source)



## Example Usage

```terraform
data "sifflet_datasources" "example" {}

output "datasources" {
  value = data.sifflet_datasources.example
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Read-Only

- `catalog_filters` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--catalog_filters))
- `search_rules` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--search_rules))

<a id="nestedatt--catalog_filters"></a>
### Nested Schema for `catalog_filters`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String)
- `name` (String)
- `query` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--search_rules"></a>
### Nested Schema for `search_rules`

Read-Only:

- `data` (Attributes List) List of all data sources. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--search_rules--data))
- `total_elements` (Number) Total number of data sources.

<a id="nestedatt--search_rules--data"></a>
### Nested Schema for `search_rules.data`

Optional:

- `bigquery` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--search_rules--data--bigquery))
- `dbt` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--search_rules--data--dbt))
- `snowflake` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--search_rules--data--snowflake))

Read-Only:

- `created_by` (String) Username that created the data source.
- `created_date` (Number) Date of data source creation.
- `cron_expression` (String) Cron expression used to defined schedule refresh of the data source.
- `entity_type` (String) Sifflet entity type (ie: DATASOURCE).
- `id` (String) Data source UID
- `last_modified_date` (Number) Date of data source last modification.
- `modified_by` (String) Last username that modified the datasource.
- `name` (String) Name to represent your integration in Sifflet.
- `next_execution` (Number) Date of the next refresh for the data source.
- `type` (String) Type of data source (ie: dbt, bigquery)

<a id="nestedatt--search_rules--data--bigquery"></a>
### Nested Schema for `search_rules.data.bigquery`

Optional:

- `timezone_data` (Attributes) Timezone informations of your data source. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--search_rules--data--bigquery--timezone_data))

Read-Only:

- `billing_project_id` (String) GCP project used for billing.
- `dataset_id` (String) BigQuery dataset to add as data source.
- `project_id` (String) Project where the dataset to add is located.
- `type` (String) Type of data source (ie: dbt, bigquery).

<a id="nestedatt--search_rules--data--bigquery--timezone_data"></a>
### Nested Schema for `search_rules.data.bigquery.type`

Read-Only:

- `timezone` (String) Timezone of your data source (ie: UTC).
- `utc_offset` (String) Timezone offset of your data source (ie: '(UTC+00:00)').



<a id="nestedatt--search_rules--data--dbt"></a>
### Nested Schema for `search_rules.data.dbt`

Optional:

- `timezone_data` (Attributes) Timezone informations of your data source. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--search_rules--data--dbt--timezone_data))

Read-Only:

- `project_name` (String) The name of your dbt project (the 'name' in your dbt_project.yml file).
- `target` (String) the target value of the profile that corresponds to your project (the 'target' in your profiles.yml).
- `type` (String) Type of data source (ie: dbt, bigquery).

<a id="nestedatt--search_rules--data--dbt--timezone_data"></a>
### Nested Schema for `search_rules.data.dbt.type`

Read-Only:

- `timezone` (String) Timezone of your data source (ie: UTC).
- `utc_offset` (String) Timezone offset of your data source (ie: '(UTC+00:00)').



<a id="nestedatt--search_rules--data--snowflake"></a>
### Nested Schema for `search_rules.data.snowflake`

Optional:

- `timezone_data` (Attributes) Timezone informations of your data source. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--search_rules--data--snowflake--timezone_data))

Read-Only:

- `account_identifier` (String) Snowflake account identifier (see: https://docs.siffletdata.com/docs/snowflake#3--create-the-snowflake-connection-using-sifflets-integrations-page).
- `database` (String) Snowflake database.
- `schema` (String) Snowflake schema.
- `type` (String) Type of data source (ie: dbt, bigquery).
- `warehouse` (String) Snowflake warehouse.

<a id="nestedatt--search_rules--data--snowflake--timezone_data"></a>
### Nested Schema for `search_rules.data.snowflake.warehouse`

Read-Only:

- `timezone` (String) Timezone of your data source (ie: UTC).
- `utc_offset` (String) Timezone offset of your data source (ie: '(UTC+00:00)').
