---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "sifflet_datasource Resource - terraform-provider-sifflet"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# sifflet_datasource (Resource)



## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "sifflet_datasource" "bigquery" {
  name            = "orders"
  secret_id       = "bq_secrets"
  cron_expression = "@daily"
  bigquery = {
    billing_project_id = "billing-prj"
    dataset_id         = "orders"
    project_id         = "orders-prj"
  }

}


resource "sifflet_datasource" "dbt" {
  name            = "orders-model"
  cron_expression = "@daily"
  dbt = {
    project_name = "orders"
    target       = "prod"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) Name to represent your integration in Sifflet

### Optional

- `bigquery` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--bigquery))
- `cron_expression` (String) Cron expression used to defined schedule refresh of the data source.
- `dbt` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--dbt))
- `secret_id` (String) Secret ID used by the connection.

### Read-Only

- `created_by` (String) Username that created the data source.
- `created_date` (String) Date of data source creation.
- `id` (String) Data source UID
- `modified_by` (String) Last username that modified the datasource.
- `type` (String) Type of data source (ie: dbt, bigquery)

<a id="nestedatt--bigquery"></a>
### Nested Schema for `bigquery`

Required:

- `dataset_id` (String) BigQuery dataset to add as data source.
- `project_id` (String) Project where the dataset to add is located.

Optional:

- `billing_project_id` (String) GCP project used for billing.
- `timezone_data` (Attributes) Timezone informations of your data source. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--bigquery--timezone_data))

Read-Only:

- `type` (String) Type of data source (ie: dbt, bigquery).

<a id="nestedatt--bigquery--timezone_data"></a>
### Nested Schema for `bigquery.timezone_data`

Required:

- `timezone` (String) Timezone of your data source (ie: UTC).
- `utc_offset` (String) Timezone offset of your data source (ie: '(UTC+00:00)').



<a id="nestedatt--dbt"></a>
### Nested Schema for `dbt`

Required:

- `project_name` (String) The name of your dbt project (the 'name' in your dbt_project.yml file).
- `target` (String) the target value of the profile that corresponds to your project (the 'target' in your profiles.yml).

Optional:

- `timezone_data` (Attributes) Timezone informations of your data source. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--dbt--timezone_data))

Read-Only:

- `type` (String) Type of data source (ie: dbt, bigquery).

<a id="nestedatt--dbt--timezone_data"></a>
### Nested Schema for `dbt.timezone_data`

Required:

- `timezone` (String) Timezone of your data source (ie: UTC).
- `utc_offset` (String) Timezone offset of your data source (ie: '(UTC+00:00)').

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import sifflet_datasource.example 'ad7b0951-318c-4950-932b-4614621b9bed'
```
